chore(): add disclaimer for boostrapping feature flags behavior post-init (#9988)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping.mdx

</MultiLanguage>

## Overriding feature flags 

> Bootstrapped feature flag values are temporary and will be disregarded after flag values are fetched from PostHog. 
> If you are trying to override feature flag values in a persistent manner, some PostHog SDKs support overriding flags:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrapped feature flag values are temporary and are disregarded after PostHog fetches flag values. If you are trying to override feature flag values in a persistent manner, some PostHog SDKs support overriding flags:

```

Author: Thanks!
